Expand WoT CG collaboration (#41)
w3c/wot-charter-drafts: policy.md

# Collaboration Policy

The WG manages collaboration

## WoT Community Group

>  - CG report can be taken as feedback input

Reviewer: Suggest to reword to:
- CG reports can serve as feedback and input to the WG and IG

Author: ```suggestion
 - CG reports can serve as feedback and input to the WG and IG
```

-  WoT WG participants can participate in WoT CG Meetups where implementations of WoT are shown

> -  Social media presence should be managed together and coordinated

Author: Good point and we need to clarify this. Also see https://github.com/w3c/wot-marketing/issues/362#issuecomment-1438435424

## WoT Japanese Community Group

> To be specified

Author: Japanese CG also does translations. There might be some organizational differences (website, meeting tool, github usage etc) but our goals are aligned.

> # Collaboration Policy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Collaboration Policy
Following is a DRAFT and additional discussion is needed.  This is not binding.
```
